Now the story of an extraordinary Mughal who did everything
and the one biographer who had no choice but to write it all down.
It's stories from Akbarnama……….
This is Akbar.  He is a respected, noble, intelligent and skilled Mughal emperor. Right now, he's riding a wild elephant who's out of control. Yes, you heard me right, a wild elephant, out of control.
Akbar: I'm the king of the world!
And he seems to be very happy
This is his prime minister. He by the way is not happy.It's hard running a gigantic empire, that's constantly expanding while having to babysit an adventurous king.
And Akbar's is by no means making his job any easier.
Khan: what are your doing your majesty. please stop this!
(To himself) ugh I'm too old for this!
And these are the unfortunate souls who were caught in the middle of the chaos.
Let me assure you, that they, are terrified.
Person 1: Get out of the way!
Person 2: I'm too young to die!.
Person 3: I can't swim!
Person 4: Tell my wife I love her!
So how did this all start? Ahhh let me take you back a few hours.
Like how every story goes,it started out as a pretty normal day
Akbar was hanging out in his palace, walking around the royal gardens and doing things normal emperors would do.
This all went south the moment he decided it was a great day for some elephant dueling
Like the time when Humayun decided to ascend a narrow staircase in a hurry and...... We all know how that turned out.
Ahem… so getting back to the to the story
Akbar without any hesitation mounted the wild elephant Hawai (who by the way is a ferocious beast that will kill anyone or anything that comes in his way…so you get the picture) and faced off against an equaly terrifying elephant Ran Bhaga.
Two words …. Bad Idea
In an instant Hawai began chasing after Ran bhaga, in high speed. That's when things turned from bad to worse..
Bringing us to this lovely scene of chaos and panic.
People were running everywhere trying not to get trampled to death.
Some even jumped in the water while others rowed away from the action.
You know the saying when it rains it pours?
Well…. just when you think that things couldn't get any worse, the bridge suddenly collapsed under the weight of the elephants.
Even the word horror, was an understatement to describe this scene
Surprisingly, despite all the odds stacked against him, Akbar managed to chase away ran bhaga and win the duel.
Although Akbar often took on some questionable pursuits, he was a brave man who knew how to test the limits of his bravery.
In the end everting worked out ok
His prime minster was relieved, the citizens were inspired and Akbar safe.
Strange how things often work out for the best.